Okay, okay, I checked.
We have Earl Grey,
English Breakfast
Cinnamon Stick, Camomile,
Mint Medley, Blackberry
and, uh, oh, wait,
there's one more.
Um...Lemon Soother.
You're not the guy
that asked for the tea, are you?
Okay.
[theme song]
♪ So no one told you
life was gonna be this way ♪
♪ Your job's a joke
you're broke ♪
♪ Your love life's DOA ♪
♪ It's like you're always
stuck in second gear ♪
♪ When it hasn't been your day ♪
♪ Your week your month
or even your year ♪
♪ But I'll be there for you ♪
♪ When the rain starts to pour ♪
♪ I'll be there for you ♪
♪ Like I've been there before ♪
♪ 'Cause you're
there for me too ♪♪
[instrumental music]
Mail call, Rachel Green,
bunk seven.
Thank you.
Oh, cool.
A free sample of coffee.
Oh good! 'Cause where else
would we get any?
[chuckles]
Oh. Right.
- Oh, great.
- What is it?
Country club newsletter.
My mother sends me
the engagement notices
for inspiration.
Oh, my God.
Oh, my God,
it's Barry and Mindy.
- Barry, who you almost--
- Barry, who I almost.
- And Mindy, your maid of--
- Mindy, my maid of.
Let me see that.
- Oh!
- That's Mindy?
Wow. She is pretty.
Lucky.
To have had
a friend like you.
Marcel.
Bring me the rice. Come on.
Good boy. Good boy.
Come here, give me the rice.
Thank you. Good boy.
Well, I see he's finally
mastered the difference between
"Bring me the" and "Pee in the."
"Bring me the" and..
Rach?
- What?
- Hi.
Oh. I'm sorry.
Oh.
This is so stupid!
I mean, I gave
Barry up, right?
- Mm.
- I should be happy for them.
I am. I'm happy for them.
- Really?
- No.
Oh.
Oh, I guess
it would be different
if I were with somebody.
Whoa. What, uh..
What happened to, uh
"Forget relationships!
I'm done with men!"
The whole, uh, penis embargo?
Oh, I don't know.
I guess it's-it's not
about no guys.
It's-it's about
the right guy, you know?
I mean, with Barry,
it was-it was safe
and it was easy,
but there was no heat.
You know, with Paolo,
that's all there was, was heat.
And I-I mean, it was just
this raw, animal, sexual--
Wait-wait, I, I got it.
I was there.
Well, I mean, do you think
you can ever have both?
You know, someone
who's like your
who's like your best friend
but then also can make
your toes curl?
Yes, yes.
Yes. Yes, I do.
I really do.
Uh, in fact, it's funny.
Very often someone
who you wouldn't think
could, could...curl your toes
might just be the one
who, uh, who..
Hi.
...gets interrupted.
Hey, guys,
how was the movie?
- Oh, so good.
- Wonderful.
- Suck-fest.
- Total chick-flick.
I'm-I'm sorry it wasn't
one of those movies
with, like, you know,
like, guns and bombs
and like, buses
going really fast.
Hey, I don't need
violence to enjoy a movie
just so long as
there's a little nudity.
- There was nudity.
- I meant female nudity.
Alright, I don't need
to see Lou Grant frolicking.
- Hugh! Hugh Grant!
Alright, I've gotta go.
Ahem. Come on, Marcel.
Come on.
Yeah, we're gonna
go take a bath.
Yes, we are, aren't we?
Yes, we are.
They're still just
friends, right?
- And I will see you tomorrow.
- That's right.
You're gonna spend tomorrow
at Aunt Rachel's, aren't you?
Hang on. Hang on.
Does Aunt Monica
get a say in this?
Pwease, Aunt Monica?
Pwease?
Oh, unclench.
You're not even gonna be here.
[instrumental music]
(Chandler)
You know,
I cannot believe we're
even having this discussion.
I agree.
I'm, like, in disbelief.
I mean, don't you think
if things were gonna happen
with Rachel, they would
have happened already?
I'm telling you, she said
she's looking for a relationship
with someone exactly like me.
She really said that?
Well, I added
the "Exactly like me" part..
But she said
she's looking for someone
and someone
is gonna be there tonight.
- Tonight, tonight?
- Well, I think it's perfect.
You know, it's just gonna be
the two of us.
She spent all day
taking care of my monkey.
[sighs]
I can't remember
the last time I got a girl
to take care of my monkey.
[laughing]
Anyway, you know,
I figured after work
I'd go pick up a bottle of wine
go over there
and, uh, try to woo her.
Hey, you know
what you should do?
You should take her
back to the 1890's
when that phrase
was last used.
You keep this up,
honey, and I swear
you'll be finished with this
sucker by the end of the week.
Now, now the one
in the feather boa
that's Dr. Francis.
Now, she used to be a man.
Okay, oh, look, see, now
there's Raven, and we hate her.
We're glad she's dying.
And that..
Wha.. Wha.. Marcel, are you
playing with Monica's shoes?
You know you're not
supposed to play..
Whoa! Whoa!
Marcel, did you poo
in the shoe?
Oh, Marcel, bad monkey.
Oh, God.
Oh. Oh.
Sorry, Barry.
Little engagement gift.
I'm sure you didn't
register for that.
[gunshot on TV]
Who died? Who died?
Roll him over! Oh, come on,
roll him over! Oh!
Well, we know it wasn't Dexter.
Right, Marcel?
Because..
Marcel?
Marcel? Marce..
- How could you lose him?
- I don't know, I don't know.
We were watching TV and then
he pooped in Monica's shoe..
Wait. He pooped in my shoe?
- Which one?
- I don't know.
- The left one.
- Which ones?
Oh, oh, those little
clunky Amish things
you think go
with everything.
- Hey.
- Hi.
Whoa. Oh. Why is the air
in here so negative?
- Rachel lost Marcel.
- Oh, no! How?
- He, he pooped in my shoe.
- Which one?
Those cute little black ones
I wear all the time.
No. Which one?
The right or left?
'Cause the left one
is lucky.
Come on, you guys, what are we
gonna do? What are we gonna do?
Alright, alright, alright.
You're a monkey.
You're loose in the city.
Where do you go?
Okay, it's his first time out,
so he's probably gonna wanna do
some of the touristy things.
I'll go to Cats.
You go to the Russian Tea Room.
Oh, my God!
Come on, you guys.
He's gonna be home any minute.
He's gonna kill me.
Okay, we'll start
with the building.
You guys take the first
and second floor.
Phoebe and I will take
third and fourth.
Whoa-whoa-whoa! What am I gonna
do? What am I gonna do?
Okay, you stay here,
and just wait by the phone.
Spray Lysol in my shoe
and wait for Ross to kill you.
Does anybody wanna trade? Oh..
[instrumental music]
Come on.
[knock at door]
What do you want?
Mr. Heckles, our-our-our
friend lost a monkey.
Have you seen it?
I left a Belgian waffle
out here.
- Did you take it?
- No!
Why would you leave
your Belgian waffle in the hall?
- I wasn't ready for it.
- The monkey.
Have you seen a monkey?
Saw a Regis Philbin once.
Okay, thank you,
Mr. Heckles.
You owe me a waffle.
Okay, he's a,
he's a black capuchin monkey
with a white face..
...with-with Russian dressing
and pickles on the side.
Okay. Thanks. Hi.
Hey. How did, uh,
how did it go today?
- Oh, great!
- Yeah?
It went great.
Really great.
- Hey, is that wine?
- Yeah, yeah.
- Oh.
- You, uh, you want some?
Oh, I would love some.
But you know what?
You know what?
Let's not drink it here.
I'm feeling kind of crazy.
You wanna go to Newark?
Uh, okay.
Yeah, uh, we could do that.
But before we head off
to the murder capital
of the North-East..
...I was, uh, kind of wanting
to run something by you.
You know how we were, uh,
you know, talking before
about, uh, relationships
and stuff. Well..
Oh, God, Ross,
I cannot do this.
Okay, quick and painful.
Oh, God.
Okay, alright.
Alright, okay.
Ross, please
don't hate me.
Oh, why? What? What?
[chuckles]
Uh!
You know Marcel?
Yeah?
Well, ahem, I, I kind of..
I kind of lost him.
[inaudible]
[traffic ambience]
I-I-I can't,
I can't believe this.
I mean, all I asked you to do
was keep him in the apartment.
- I know. I know. I'm sorry.
- No, no. You know what?
I guess it's partially
my fault.
You know, I mean,
I shouldn't have asked you
to, uh, start off with a monkey.
I should have started you off
with like a pen or a pencil.
Ross, I'm doing
everything that I can.
I've got everybody
looking for him and I..
[door buzzer buzzing]
- Who is it?
- 'Animal Control.'
Uh, see, I've even
got Animal Control.
You called Animal Control?
Uh-huh.
W-why?
Do you not like them?
[scoffs]
Marcel is an illegal
exotic animal.
I'm not allowed
to have him in the city.
If they find him,
they'll take him away from me.
Oh, okay, well, now, see
you never ever ever
told us that.
That's right I,
'cause I didn't expect
you were gonna invite them
to the apartment!
[knock at door]
Hi!
Thanks for coming.
Somebody called
about a monkey?
Oh, oh, yeah, you know what?
That was a complete
misunderstanding.
Yeah, we-we thought we had
a monkey, but we didn't.
It turned, turned
out it was a hat.
- Cat!
- Cat! What did I say? Cat.
Hi. We checked the third
and fourth floor.
No one's seen Marcel.
- Marcel?
- My Uncle Marcel.
Oh, is that who
the monkey's named after?
Okay. Are you aware that
possession of an illegal exotic
is, uh, punishable
by up to two years in prison
and confiscation
of the animal?
Oh, my God. You'd put that
poor, little creature in jail?
Pheebs, remember
how we talked about
saying things quietly
to yourself first?
Yes, but there
isn't always time.
Look, I'm sure there
is some friendly way
to reconcile this.
Um, have a seat.
First of all,
we haven't been introduced.
Uh, I'm Monica Geller.
Oh, my God! You are!
And you're Rachel Green!
- Yeah.
- Luisa Gianetti.
Lincoln High? I sat behind
you guys in, in home room.
Oh! Luisa!
Oh, my God!
Monica, it's Luisa!
- The Luisa from home room!
- Yes.
You have no idea
who I am, do you?
- No, none at all.
- None.
Well, maybe that's because you
spent four years ignoring me.
I mean, would it have
been so hard to say
"Morning, Luisa"?
Or "Nice overalls"?
Oh, I'm-I'm so sorry.
Nah, it's not so much you.
You were fat.
You had your own problems.
But you! What a bitch!
- What?
- Alright. You know what?
Be that as it may, do you think
you could just help us out here
on that monkey thing, you know
just...for old times' sake?
Go Bobcats?
I could...but I won't.
If I find that monkey,
he's mine.
♪ Dun-dun-duuuur! ♪♪
Sorry.
[instrumental music]
(Chandler)
Marcel?
- Marcel?
[sighs]
[knock at door]
Hi, can I help you?
Uh, we're kind of
having an emergency.
And we, ahem, we were
looking for something.
- A monkey.
- Yes, have you seen any?
No.
No, I haven't seen a monkey.
Do you know anything
about fixing radiators?
Sure, sure.
Did you, uh,
did you try turning
the knob back the other way?
- Of course.
- Oh, then, no.
Taste this daiquiri.
Is there too much rum in here?
Just a sec.
Hope you find your monkey.
Oh, no, wait, wait,
no-no-no, wait, wait.
Um...we may not know
anything about radiators
per se, but we do have
a certain amount of expertise
in the heating
and cooling...milieu.
Uh, aren't we kind of in
the middle of somethin' here?
Yes, but these women are very
hot and they need our help.
And they're very hot.
We can't, alright?
Uh, we're sorry.
You...have no idea
how sorry, but..
...we promised
we'd find this monkey.
If you see him,
he's about yea high
and answers
to the name Marcel.
So, if we could get
some pictures of you
you'd really be
helpin' us out.
Okay, from now on, you don't
get to talk to other people.
- Marcel?
- Marcel!
- 'Marcel?'
Marcel?
(both)
- Oh, my God!
- What?
Something just brushed up
against my right leg.
- What is it?
- Oh.
Oh, it's okay.
It was just my left leg.
[screeching]
- Look, Phoebe!
- Oh, yeah. Oh, Marcel.
Come here. Oh,
come here, Marcel.
Step aside, ladies.
Oh, what are you gonna do?
Just a small tranquilizer.
[dramatic music]
(Monica)
'Run, Marcel, run!'
- Run, Marcel!
- Damn!
- Are you okay?
- Uh, yeah, I think so.
I just..
Oh.
Huh..
- Whoa.
- Oh-h-h.
Oh, gosh.
[screeching]
- 'Marcel?'
Marcel?
This is ridiculous.
We've been all over
the neighborhood.
He's gone.
He's-he's just gone.
- Ross, you don't know that.
- Oh, come on.
It's cold. It's dark.
He doesn't know the village.
Oh..
And now I have a broken foot.
Oh, my..
I have no monkey
and a broken foot.
- Thank you very much.
- Ross, you know?
I said I'm sorry
like a million times.
What do you want me to do?
Huh? What do you wanna..
You want to break my foot too?
Is that it? Okay, here.
I'm gonna break my foot.
Right now, there.
Ow! Oh! Oh, God!
Oh, my God.
There, are you happy now?
Yeah, yeah, you know, now that
you kicked the sign, hey!
What?
I don't miss Marcel anymore.
You know, it is not like
I did this on purpose.
No, no, no. No, no,
this is just vintage Rachel.
I mean, things just
sort of happen around you.
I mean, you're
off in Rachel Land
doin' your Rachel thing
totally oblivious
to people's monkeys
or to people's feelings and..
- Ross?
- I don't even wanna hear it.
- No, you're always--
- Ross..
- Oh, forget it, okay?
- Ross!
What? What? What?
- Hey!
- Hey! Banana man! Wait..
[instrumental music]
[knock at door]
Oh, this is so intense.
One side of my butt
is totally asleep
and the other side
has no idea.
Hi. Did you order some bananas?
- What about it?
- Give me my monkey back!
I don't have a monkey.
Then what's with
all the bananas?
Potassium.
[Marcel chattering]
Marcel? Marcel?
Okay, where is he? Where is he?
[all gasp]
Marcel!
- What have you done to him?
- That's my monkey.
That's Patti.
Patti the monkey.
Are you insane?
Come here, Marcel,
come on.
Come here, Patti.
Come here, Marcel.
(Luisa)
Here, monkey! Here, monkey!
Here, monkey!
Gotcha!
- Okay, give me my monkey back.
- That's my monkey.
You're both gonna have
to take this up with the judge.
That's not my monkey.
Just the dress is mine.
You can send it
back whenever.
- Alright, I want my monkey.
- No!
- Oh, come on, Luisa.
- Sorry, prom queen.
You had to be a bitch
in high school.
You couldn't have been fat.
Alright, look, okay, in
high school I was the prom queen
and I was the homecoming queen
and the class president
and you...were also there.
Look, if you take this monkey
I will lose one of the most
important people in my life.
You can hate me if you want
but please do not punish him.
Come on, Luisa,
you have a chance
to be the bigger
person here.
Take it!
[inhales deeply]
[exhales heavily]
No.
Alright.
Well, then how about
I call your supervisor
and I tell her that
you shot my friend
in the ass with a dart?
[instrumental music]
Hey, it'll be nice to get this
off finally, won't it?
Yes, it wi..
Or we can leave it on
for now, that's fine.
You know,
with the right pair of pumps
that would be
a great little outfit.
Listen, I'm.. I'm sorry
I was so hard on you before.
- You know, I just--
- Oh, Ross, come on.
No, no, it was my fault.
I almost lost your..
No, no, yeah, but you were
the one who got him back.
You know?
You, you, you were great.
Hey, we, uh, we still have
that, uh, that bottle of wine.
Are you in the mood for, uh..
...something grape?
- Sure, that would be good.
- Alright. Uh..
Oh.
The, uh, the neighbors
must be vacuuming.
[clears throat]
Well, uh, as long as
we're, uh...here
and, uh...not on the subject
um, ahem...I was
thinking about, uh..
[chuckles]
...how mad we got
at each other before.
Oh.
And, um...I was
thinking maybe
it was partially
because of how we, uh..
- Rachel.
- Barry!
I can't.
I can't do it.
I can't marry Mindy.
I think I'm still
in love with you.
- Oh!
We have got to start
locking that door.
[instrumental music]
This is me in
"The Sound Of Music."
- You see the von Trapp kids?
- No.
That's because
I'm in front of them.
Yeah, I thought
that was an alp.
Well, high school
was not my favorite time.
I don't know.
I-I loved high school.
You know, it was just,
like, four years of parties
and dating and sex and..
Yeah, well, I went to
boarding school with 400 boys.
Any sex I had
would have involved
a major lifestyle choice.
Gosh, doesn't it seem
like a million years ago?
[chuckles]
Oh, oh, oh!
Ooh! Ooh!
Ooh, ooh! My butt cheek
is waking up! Oh!
[theme music]